6 months from the date of signing. 
● You will be required to provide a minimum of 1 month notice period in case of resignation. 
● You will be required to maintain confidentiality of all information related to the company. 
● You will be required to adhere to the company's code of conduct and ethics. 
● You will be required to participate in training and development programs as and when required by the company. 
● You will be required to work on a full-time basis exclusively for the company. 
● You will be required to be available for work on all weekdays (Monday to Friday) and may be required to work on weekends or holidays as per the company's requirements. 
● You will be required to maintain accurate and up-to-date records of your work and submit them to the company as and when required. 
● You will be required to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 
● You will be required to respect and maintain the confidentiality of all information related to the company, its clients, and its business partners. 
● You will be required to report any incidents or accidents that occur during your work hours to the company immediately. 
● You will be required to participate in performance reviews and evaluations as and when required by the company. 
● You will be required to maintain a professional and respectful attitude towards your colleagues, supervisors, and clients. 
● You will be required to adhere to the company's social media policy and refrain from posting any content that may damage the company's reputation. 
● You will be required to participate in team meetings and contribute to the team's discussions and decisions. 
● You will be required to be flexible and adapt to changes in the company's requirements and priorities. 
● You will be required to maintain a clean and organized workspace and adhere to the company's health and safety policies. 
● You will be required to report any errors or discrepancies in your work to the company immediately. 
● You will be required to participate in continuous learning and professional development to improve your skills and knowledge. 
● You will be required to respect and maintain the intellectual property rights of the company and its clients. 
● You will be required to adhere to the company's data protection policy and maintain the confidentiality of all data related to the company and its clients. 
● You will be required to participate in quality assurance and quality control activities as and when required by the company. 
● You will be required to maintain accurate and up-to-date records of your work and submit them to the company as and when